
!! WARNING RCT === ROMAN CATHOLIC TIME (not available in quantum) === 
!! RCT!! ALL REALTORS ARE FOREVER STUCK IN RCT (does not intersect) 
                                              does not belong on Turtle Island.


2007 was at least a few years before the :birdsite: became big and 
well-known outside the SV techbro scene. The US was weak under the 
looming subprime mortgage crisis and the bankers´ weight of greed.

There were a handful of us who showed up after the early 2000´s dot-com 
boom-BUST; we wanted our Internet more open and less snooty than the 
ivy-leaguers (who later became) #Fascistbook. :birdsite: quickly paved 
the way for the infrastructure junkies, but it fail in most of the same 
ways as Fascistbook, (and does fail today) for its early embrace of and 
collaboration with the ¨pretty face¨ midwestern settler Realtor 
model. So much of the abuse of Rockies launched out of that Realtor node. 
The natives will probably be overjoyed to have yet. another. statistic. 
to dissect, this one was also born after RCT 1982.

The beautiful colonist bitch was from ¨Minnesota¨ somewhere, and apparently 
had a brand new Computer Science degree that she quickly used to stink 
up the room. Of course, no state school with a SV-ready grad would be 
complete without its graduates parading a brand new macbook!

She belittled my ancient VAIO with its simple boxy structure, its dark, 
well-worn pixels and under the surface? Hundreds of kernel versions, tests, 
patches, and overwrites, each one older, each more complete.

The other people in the room were mostly dudes who heeded her coddlings; 
she spoke some snark about being great at JSON, and I was not impressed. 
My predictions about the malice concentrated around this node rarely tended 
to be off by much.

Ageism can be cruel to women, too. When, as an accountant, you are good 
at descriptions, people sometimes get jealous. Young college grads need a 
few years to get over themselves. Homeless people just need warmth from the 
cold and rainy streets of San Francisco. Those who want to stay in academia 
forever? We worry about you. Rent to school does not work!

If a <ntv.lang> had asked me where I was from then (as in most recently?), 
I´d probably have said Kinłani. Whatever the colonists did to planet (\\, 
it involved a malicious overwrite of way too many native accounting systems. 
SV and its castles in SFO were not my ideal place to be as a homeless 
person, but there I was for awhile.